README.md, before:

# Yamka Electron Client

![Top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/yamka-app/client-electron)
![Counter](https://img.shields.io/github/search/yamka-app/client-electron/goto%20)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/yamka-app/client-electron)
![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-win64%20%7C%20linux64-blueviolet)
![Last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/yamka-app/client-electron)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/uptimerobot/status/m788461709-79464d516b1ef3af81a20454)
![Uptime (7 days)](https://img.shields.io/uptimerobot/ratio/7/m788461709-79464d516b1ef3af81a20454)
![Maintainer](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintainer-portasynthinca3-ff69b4)

![](promo.png)

:construction: Both the client the back end are in their aplha stage right now. :construction:\
Latest version: **0.11.0**

## Branches
  - `master`: production. Please **do not** directly push code here
  - `dev`: development. Please **do** push code here

## Build
Do `npm start` to run the app without producing any artifacts:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/yamka-app/client-electron.git
cd client-electron
sudo apt install libasound2-dev # or other package manager on other distros
npm i
npm start
```

## Or download binaries
[...on our website](https://yamka.app/download)

## Credits
  - End-to-End Encryption scheme invented by [Signal](https://www.signal.org/docs)
  - Icons by [Icons8](https://icons8.com)
  - [Twemoji](https://twemoji.twitter.com) by Twitter
  - Montserrat by the Montserrat Project authors
  - Noto Sans by Google
  - [JetBrains Mono](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono) by JetBrains
  - `web-voice-processor.js` in `src/` by [Picovoice](https://picovoice.ai)
  - Special thanks to:
    - [hetyh](https://github.com/hetyh) and LukasTM for suporting the project financially
    - [StaticSaga](https://github.com/StaticSaga), [FlyingPotato_131](https://github.com/FlyingPotato-131), [hetyh](https://github.com/hetyh) and [pySAr5](https://github.com/NOTNOTsergey) for testing

## Disclosing security vulnerabilities
Please refer to our latest [security policy](https://github.com/yamka-app/legal/blob/master/SECURITY.md).

Commit message:

credit static and streaks, tweak setting selector

README.md, after:

# Yamka Electron Client

![Top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/yamka-app/client-electron)
![Counter](https://img.shields.io/github/search/yamka-app/client-electron/goto%20)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/yamka-app/client-electron)
![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-win64%20%7C%20linux64-blueviolet)
![Last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/yamka-app/client-electron)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/uptimerobot/status/m788461709-79464d516b1ef3af81a20454)
![Uptime (7 days)](https://img.shields.io/uptimerobot/ratio/7/m788461709-79464d516b1ef3af81a20454)
![Maintainer](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintainer-portasynthinca3-ff69b4)

![](promo.png)

:construction: Both the client the back end are in their aplha stage right now. :construction:\
Latest version: **0.11.0**

## Branches
  - `master`: production. Please **do not** directly push code here
  - `dev`: development. Please **do** push code here

## Build
Do `npm start` to run the app without producing any artifacts:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/yamka-app/client-electron.git
cd client-electron
sudo apt install libasound2-dev # or other package manager on other distros
npm i
npm start
```

## Or download binaries
[...on our website](https://yamka.app/download)

## Credits
  - End-to-End Encryption scheme invented by [Signal](https://www.signal.org/docs)
  - Icons by [Icons8](https://icons8.com)
  - [Twemoji](https://twemoji.twitter.com) by Twitter
  - Montserrat by the Montserrat Project authors
  - Noto Sans by Google
  - [JetBrains Mono](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono) by JetBrains
  - `web-voice-processor.js` in `src/` by [Picovoice](https://picovoice.ai)
  - Special thanks to:
    - [hetyh](https://github.com/hetyh) and LukasTM for suporting the project financially
    - [StaticSaga](https://github.com/StaticSaga), [FlyingPotato_131](https://github.com/FlyingPotato-131), [hetyh](https://github.com/hetyh) and [pySAr5](https://github.com/NOTNOTsergey) for testing
    - [StaticSaga](https://github.com/StaticSaga) and [streaksu](https://github.com/streaksu) for Italian and Spanish locales

## Disclosing security vulnerabilities
Please refer to our latest [security policy](https://github.com/yamka-app/legal/blob/master/SECURITY.md).
